Allow certificate expiration checks no matter what ssl/tls verification settings are (#13527)
DataDog/integrations-core: http_check/README.md

| `include_content`                | When set to `true`, the check includes the first 500 characters of the HTTP response body in notifications. The default value is `false`.                                                                                                        |
| `collect_response_time`          | By default, the check collects the response time (in seconds) as the metric `network.http.response_time`. To disable, set this value to `false`.                                                                                                 |
| `tls_verify`                     | Instructs the check to validate the TLS certificate of services when reaching to `url`.                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `tls_retrieve_non_validated_cert`| If `tls_verify` is set to `false`, setting this to `true` will allow the certificate to be examined for an expiration date.                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tls_retrieve_non_validated_cert`| If `tls_verify` is set to `false`, setting this to `true` allows the certificate to be examined for an expiration date.                                                                                                                      |
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion per our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#tense)

Author: updated...thanks for the link!

| `tls_ignore_warning`             | If `tls_verify` is set to `true`, it disables any security warnings from the SSL connection.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `tls_ca_cert`                    | This setting allows you to override the default certificate path as specified in `init_config`                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `check_certificate_expiration`   | When `check_certificate_expiration` is enabled, the service check checks the expiration date of the SSL certificate. **Note**: This causes the SSL certificate to be validated, regardless of the value of the `tls_verify` setting. |

Reviewer 2: Small nit, could we move your `tls_retrieve_non_validated_cert` under this `check_certificate_expiration` option since the two are related? I would also update your description to include that `check_certificate_expiration` should be set to true to make the connection explicit.

Author: Will do

Author: updated
